All right we'll come back to the students so it's tough for us to start setting up a route so roots
in views.
All right.
So what are we going to do.
Is super simple.
Let's set up our route first.
So we're going to go to app HTP and route's right.
Ok cool.
So I'm going to do this all the way in the bottom here of the code.
We are getting a lot of cold re comment this and I'm going to use one of these comments and
this here and what we can call this is crowd allocation.
Now.
Even though this is you can't I don't know if you can call this an application is going to be very small
but it works.
So we're going to do this with a resource.
Remember that a resource is going to give us some pre-define already route names and you our eyes.
OK.
All right.
So pose and then we're going to create a controller and the controller is going to be as a matter of
fact we already have a controller.
We don't have to create when we get a pulse controller So this is going to go to pose controller guys
and do not worry too much if you don't understand everything 100 percent on this.
Beginning lectures by the time you get to the main application on this course.
All right.
You are going to know this stuff and you're going to be such you're going to be very confident about
everything.
OK.
Trust me.
All right.
So now to look at these routes.
If you remember we do BHB artisan route Liz OK.
And as you can see we have some pretty fine stuff waiting for us.
We got your eyes right here and you'll see how that works in a minute.
And we've got the name of those routes so we can refer to them by the wrong names and then we have the
action where they going what their class and the mentors that they are targeting.
As you can see this is the med that at.
This is the controller and then they admit that store in that's created is short of showing it.
Those are the mentors that we shall have in our controller OK.
And we should click on them which we have those methods there.
All right now those methods are going to have more actually better information better functionality
now since we are going to be creating a little application here so.
So we've got now that we have set up our route.
Let's set up our views.
So let's go to resources right here views and then they're going to right click on views and I'm going
to click new as a matter of fact let me just add it's file templates let me do something here.
BHB file.
See if I can
I'm going to click on the plus symbol right here as you can see guys am going to name this blade.
And what we're going to do is we're going to create this new extension for Bley for PH B-story if you
use in PH BE storm now when you create a file not an extension but when you create a file automatically
that this extension will be added to the file.
So this is going to be blade and then we're going to say Dot actually play that BHP.
OK.
So I'll show you right now how this works exactly.
So I'm going to click Apply and OK.
Now every time I want to create a file Bley file I'm going to write click new.
Now I look for the blade.
You see the name play.
And now if I type in the folder name because if you don't type of wood extension it creates a folder
why creates a file.
But if you put a forward slash and you say I want to create an index watch what's going to happen.
So he creates the folder and then creates the file with extension.
Bley that we already set.
All right.
Pretty cool for sure.
I do that.
Well you don't have to typing this extension.
I believe that BHB.
OK.
So we have this folder we have the index.
Let's create another one inside the Forderung that's where I right clicked.
We going to create the Create page right click again.
We're going to create the edit.
And we are going to create the show.
Those are the only ones we need right now.
OK.
Nothing else you use for them.
Beautiful.
So this is where we're going to have the create form the edit form which are very similar.
This is daine that's what we're going to be showing or posts.
And this is the show where we are going to be showing specific post the show page.
OK.
Anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.